Release Firestore Emulator v1.14.1. (#4355)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

> - Release Cloud Firestore emulator v1.14.0
>   - Chore: add support of x-goog-request-params http header for routing.
>   - Fix: change read-past-max-staleness error code to align with production
>     implementation.
>   - Fix: update readtime-in-the-future error message.
>   - Fix: support importing exports from Windows on UNIX systems. (#2421)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Release Cloud Firestore emulator v1.14.0:
  - Adds support of x-goog-request-params http header for routing.
  - Changes `read-past-max-staleness` error code to align with production
    implementation.
  - Updates readtime-in-the-future error message.
  - Supports importing exports from Windows on UNIX systems. (#2421)
```

*   Release Cloud Firestore emulator v1.14.0

>     *   Chore: prepare for aggregate support.

Reviewer 2: Is this a user-facing change? If not, please remove.

Author: Done.

    *   Chore: add support of x-goog-request-params http header for routing.
    *   Fix: change read-past-max-staleness error code to align with production
        implementation.
    *   Fix: update readtime-in-the-future error message.

>     *   Fix: support importing exports from Windows on UNIX systems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    *   Fix: support importing exports from Windows on UNIX systems. (#2421)
```
